# Power supply type names
# =======================

# pstype                     polarity         magnetic_function
# -------------------------------------------------------------

si-dipole-b1b2-fam           monopolar        dipole
si-quadrupole-q14-fam        monopolar        quadrupole
si-quadrupole-q20-fam        monopolar        quadrupole
si-quadrupole-q30-fam        monopolar        quadrupole
si-sextupole-s15-fam         monopolar        sextupole
si-injdpk                    monopolar        corrector
si-injnlk                    monopolar        corrector
bo-dipole-b-fam              monopolar        dipole
bo-quadrupole-qd-fam         monopolar        quadrupole
bo-quadrupole-qf-fam         monopolar        quadrupole
bo-sextupole-sd-fam          monopolar        sextupole
bo-sextupole-sf-fam          monopolar        sextupole
bo-injkicker                 monopolar        corrector
bo-ejekicker                 monopolar        corrector
ts-dipole-b-fam              monopolar        dipole
ts-injseptum-thick           monopolar        corrector
ts-injseptum-thin            monopolar        corrector
ts-ejeseptum-thick           monopolar        corrector
ts-ejeseptum-thin            monopolar        corrector
tb-dipole-b-fam              monopolar        dipole
tb-injseptum                 monopolar        corrector
li-solenoid-fam              monopolar        solenoid
li-solenoid                  monopolar        solenoid
li-spect                     monopolar        dipole


si-quadrupole-q14-trim       bipolar        quadrupole
si-quadrupole-q20-trim       bipolar        quadrupole
si-quadrupole-q30-trim       bipolar        quadrupole
si-quadrupole-qs             bipolar        quadrupole-skew
si-sextupole-s15-ch          bipolar        corrector
si-sextupole-s15-cv          bipolar        corrector
si-sextupole-s15-qs          bipolar        quadrupole-skew
si-corrector-cv              bipolar        corrector
si-corrector-fch             bipolar        corrector
si-corrector-fcv             bipolar        corrector
si-hping                     bipolar        corrector
si-vping                     bipolar        corrector
bo-quadrupole-qs             bipolar        quadrupole-skew
bo-corrector-ch              bipolar        corrector
bo-corrector-cv              bipolar        corrector
ts-quadrupole-q14            bipolar        quadrupole
ts-quadrupole-q20            bipolar        quadrupole
ts-corrector-ch              bipolar        corrector
ts-corrector-cv              bipolar        corrector
tb-quadrupole                bipolar        quadrupole
tb-corrector-ch              bipolar        corrector
tb-corrector-cv              bipolar        corrector
li-quadrupole-long           bipolar        quadrupole
li-quadrupole-short          bipolar        quadrupole
li-lens                      bipolar        lens
li-corrector-ch-long         bipolar        corrector
li-corrector-cv-long         bipolar        corrector
li-corrector-ch-short        bipolar        corrector
li-corrector-cv-short        bipolar        corrector
